1.1 Login
If you already have an account in our system, you can login into your account here. All you need to do is providing your username as well as your password into proper fields and then press "Log in".
If you want to create an account, click on "Create account" button. A new window will prompt where you need to fill all fields. Keep in mind that you can't enter a nickname that is already being occupied by another user nor you can add an another account for the email that already exists in our database. After providing all infromation you are good to go - just click on "Confirm" button and you can login to your brand-new account by following steps mentioned earlier.

2.1 User, Home
This is a page where you can read all the information and news about the aquapark.

2.2 User, Buy
Here you can either buy a new pass or extend your current one. When buying a new pass you can select a date range for your pass to be active. Final price will depend on the number of days.
Extending your current pass works similarly to buying a new one, you just provide a certain number of days that will be added to your existing pass. A price is dependant on the number of days.

2.3 User, History
Based on the given range, you can see how much time you have spent on certain attractions.

2.4 User, Account
There is a possibility to update your personal data. This means you can edit your first name, last name, email, telephone number and reset your password. Keep in mind that setting a new password requires your current password.

3.1 Admin, Statistics
// niech ktoś inny opisze bo tak średnio się w tym czuję

3.2 Admin, Create User
As an administrator, you can create a user for anyone. This view is similar to the one on login page, except that you can assign any role to the created user. This means, only admin can create an account for example for manager. To set a role, pick one from the expandable list on the bottom.

3.3 Admin, User Management
// nie widzę tej listy z użytkownikami, piszę na pałę z pamięci jak to działało
You are entitled to manage any account in the database. Click on any user on the list to see more information about him. After selecting him, you can either edit his personal data and change his role and then click "Update" to confirm your changes. Another option is to remove the account from the database by clicking "Remove" button.

4.1 Manager, Create Attraction
To create a new attraction, first - enter its name in proper text field. Then, select an attraction type to which a new attraction will be related. The last step is to set if the new attraction is active or not.

4.2 Manager, Create Attraction Type
To create a new attraction type, type desired name in the text field.

4.3 Manager, Update Attraction Type
First - select an existing attraction type that you are willing to edit. Next, select a new name for it. When you are sure to make a change, press "Update".

4.4 Manager, Update Attraction
To update an attraction, first, select an attraction type of your attraction. Then you will see a list of all attractions of the type you selected. After clicking your attraction it becomes possible edit its name and status. Confirm your changed by clicking "Update" button.

4.5 Manager, Ticket Price List
A price list represents all current prices in dollars per hour of usage for all discount groups, for all attraction types, all days, all daytimes. After editing a price list, all changes are in effect immadiately.
To see current price list, press "Price list".
If, for example, your price list lacks some positions, then you will need to create a new one. In order to do so, click "Create new position". Select all position parameters - for what discount group and attraction type it is, on which day and daytime it should be in effect and finally what is the price per hour. Then, click "Create".
Now, your position should appear on the expandable list, but still has no effect since it's not on the price list. To add it on the price list, select it and then click "Add selected to price list". From now on, everyone fulfilling these criteria will be charged accordingly.
To remove a position from the price list (so that it doesn't have an effect anymore), proceed to the price list view, select a row containing the position you are willing to remove and then click "Remove selected position".